Updates to replay docs for mass-replay features (#1732)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/typescript/how-to-replay-a-workflow-execution-in-typescript.md

  - typescript
---

Use [worker.runReplayHistories](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/worker.Worker#runreplayhistories)
or [worker.runReplayHistory](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/worker.Worker#runreplayhistory)
to replay multiple or one Workflow Histories.

In the following example (which requires advanced visibility to be enabled), histories are
downloaded from the server and then replayed by passing in a client and a set of executions:

```ts

> const executions = client.workflow.list({ query: 'TaskQueue=foo` });

Reviewer: Few things:
1. the query should set a limit, probably using a date range
2. we should mention that as of server version 1.18 this query is only supported with ES based visibility

  - typescript
---

> Use [worker.runReplayHistories](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/worker.Worker#runreplayhistories)
> or [worker.runReplayHistory](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/worker.Worker#runreplayhistory)
> to replay multiple or one Workflow Histories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To replay one or more Event Histories, use [worker.runReplayHistories](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/worker.Worker#runreplayhistories) or [worker.runReplayHistory](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/worker.Worker#runreplayhistory).
```
Or should the sentence begin "To replay a Workflow Execution, use..."?

Author: I dunno, that's a great question. In this context they are, in some sense, equivalent. I think replaying the history reads a bit more obviously, though.
